#DEFAULT
Kids...Can't live with them...Can't kill them...
Everything will kill you. So choose something fun.
I'm all toasty inside.
I’d wish you the best of luck but I believe luck is a concept created by the weak to explain their failures.
That is the problem with everything. They try and make it better without realizing the old is fine.
Love, hate. look we're a family what's the difference?
#END
#TAVERNVISIT
I only drink water that has been filtered through a brewery first!
I do not think we get smarter as we get older. We just run out of stupid things to do.
Drunk am I not. Are you?...you are? you are!
Am I just eating because I'm bored?
I guess I could use a little social interaction.
If there were more food and fewer people, this would be a perfect party.
When my time comes, I want to be buried face down, so that anyone who doesn’t like me can kiss my ass!
If nobody hates you, you're doing something wrong.
#END
#TAVERNWORKING
Everyone seem fine with me coming in early for work...but leaving early is unacceptable...
I order the food, you cook the food. The customer gets the food. We do that for 40 years, and then we die.
Please come again...When I'm not working.
#END
#CONSTRUCTING
So if i do my job really well I get rewarded with doing other peoples job too?...great...
Can I go home now? I'm sick...of this.
If given the choice between doing something and nothing. I'd do nothing. However I’d work all night, if it meant nothing got done.
There's no I in "team". There is a me, though, if you jumble it up.
#END
#FARMWORKING
Remember when there was such a thing as a day off? I don't...
I love the smell of fertilizer in the morning.
Never half-ass two things. Whole-ass one thing.
If any of you need anything at all, too bad. Deal with your problems yourselves, like adults.
Get off my land!
#END
#SLEEPING
It is better to wake up and pee than to pee and wake up.
I should be sleeping at work instead. What a waste of time this is.
Wake me up when I care.
#END
#MINING
I just want to highfive everyone in this place...Really hard...In the face...with this pickaxe.
A wise man once said. "Don't dig straight down". Guess I'm not that wise...
It's days like these I wish I didn't settle down here.
#END
#LEAVECITY
I'll be back.
Pray for me that this is the last time you see me.
Well, I am not usually one for speeches. So, goodbye.
#END
#ENTERCITY
I don't know why I'm here. Just hand me a task and I'll do it.
Be it ever so heinous, there's no place like home.
#END